.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2017, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_SHA256 3 "8 April 2017" "libcurl 7.55.0" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_SHA256 \- calculate the SHA256 hash of the received written content body
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_SHA256, long onoff);
.SH DESCRIPTION
If \fBonoff\fP is 1 then libcurl will calculate the SHA256 hash of the received
written content body of the transfer. Only the hash from the most recent
transfer will be saved. The \fIcurl_easy_getinfo(3)\fP function with the
\fICURLINFO_SHA256(3)\fP argument can be used after a transfer to extract the
written content body of the most recent transfer.
Refer to \fICURLINFO_SHA256(3)\fP for more information.
.SH DEFAULT
0
.SH PROTOCOLS
Only tested with HTTP, HTTPS
.SH EXAMPLE
Refer to \fICURLINFO_SHA256(3)\fP for an example.
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 7.55.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
CURLE_OK if supported;
or an error such as CURLE_NOT_BUILT_IN or CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLINFO_SHA256 "(3), "
.BR curl_easy_setopt "(3), " curl_easy_getinfo "(3), "
