.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2015, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_HEADER 3 "16 Jun 2014" "libcurl 7.37.0" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_HEADER \- pass headers to the data stream
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_HEADER, long hdrbody);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Include the header in the body output for requests with this \fIhandle\fP. This
option is relevant for protocols that actually have headers or other meta-data
(like HTTP and FTP). Use one of the values below for \fIhdrbody\fP:

.RS
.IP 0L: CURLHDRBODY_OFF
No headers in body.
.IP 1L: CURLHDRBODY_ALL
All headers in body.
.IP 2L: CURLHDRBODY_SERVER_ONLY
Only server headers in body, no proxy tunnel headers. (Added in 7.50.0)
.IP 3L: CURLHDRBODY_TUNNEL_ONLY
Only proxy tunnel headers in body, no server headers. (Added in 7.50.0)
.RE

When asking to get the header info passed to the same callback as the body, it
is not possible to accurately separate them again without detailed knowledge
about the protocol in use.

It is often better to use \fICURLOPT_HEADERFUNCTION(3)\fP to get the header
data separately.

While named confusingly similar, \fICURLOPT_HTTPHEADER(3)\fP is used to set
custom HTTP headers!
.SH DEFAULT
CURLHDRBODY_OFF (0L)
.SH PROTOCOLS
Most
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_URL, "http://example.com");

  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_HEADER, 1L);

  curl_easy_perform(curl);
}
.fi
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_HEADERFUNCTION "(3), "
.BR CURLOPT_HTTPHEADER "(3), "
