.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2015, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at http://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLINFO_TLS_SSL_PTR 3 "30 Sep 2015" "libcurl 7.44.0" "curl_easy_getinfo options"
.SH NAME
CURLINFO_TLS_SSL_PTR \- get a pointer to the active ("in use") SSL object
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_getinfo(CURL *handle, CURLINFO_TLS_SSL_PTR, char **ssl);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pass a pointer to a char pointer to receive the pointer to the active ("in
use") SSL object used by OpenSSL and others. Please note that for internal
reasons, the value is returned as a char pointer, although effectively being a
'void *'. On return you would cast it as an SSL pointer. See EXAMPLE.

For GnuTLS, NSS and GSKit SSL backends the pointer returned by this option is
the same as the 'internals' pointer returned by \fICURLINFO_TLS_SESSION(3)\fP.

.RS
.IP axTLS
SSL *
.IP GnuTLS
gnutls_session_t
.IP GSKit
gsk_handle
.IP NSS
PRFileDesc *
.IP OpenSSL
SSL *
.IP PolarSSL
ssl_session *
.IP wolfSSL ("CyaSSL")
SSL *
.IP Secure Channel ("WinSSL")
CtxtHandle *
.IP Secure Transport ("DarwinSSL")
SSLContext *
.RE
.SH PROTOCOLS
All TLS-based
.SH EXAMPLE
TODO
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 7.46.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR curl_easy_getinfo "(3), " curl_easy_setopt "(3), "
.BR CURLINFO_TLS_SESSION "(3), "
